add(epp) Pure Storage monitoring procedure EN (#171)
centreon/centreon-documentation: en/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/hardware-storage-purestorage-snmp.md

proprietary de-duplication and compression software to improve the amount of data that can be stored on each drive.
	
## Plugin-Pack assets

### Monitored objects

* Storage array

## Monitored metrics 

<!--DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->
<!--Stats-->

| Metric Name              | Description                                                     |
| :----------------------- | :-------------------------------------------------------------- |
| pureArrayReadBandwidth   | Read Bandwidth Volume on the storage array. Unit: Bits/second   |
| pureArrayWriteBandwidth  | Write Bandwidth Volume on the storage array. Unit: Bits/second  |
| pureArrayReadIOPS        | Read Operations on the storage array. Unit: iops                |
| pureArrayWriteIOPS       | Write Operations on the storage array. Unit: iops               |
| pureArrayReadLatency     | Storage array Read Latency (us/op). Unit: us/operations         |
| pureArrayWriteLatency    | Storage array Write Latency (us/op). Unit: us/operations        |

<!--END_DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

## Prerequisites

### Configuration Pure Storage Equipment  

> In order to monitor your Pure Storage equipments the SNMP v2 must be configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SNMP agent must be configured on the Pure Storage devices.
```

### Network flow

> Your centreon server must be able to reach the PureStorage storage array over UDP/161 SNMP port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your Centreon poller must be able to reach the PureStorage storage array on the UDP/161 SNMP port.
```

## Installation

<!--DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

<!--Online IMP Licence & IT-100 Editions-->

1. Install the Plugin on every poller expected to monitor Pure Storage SNMP resources:

```bash
yum install centreon-plugin-Hardware-Storage-Purestorage-Snmp
```

> 2. Install the "Pure-Storage-SNMP" Centreon Plugin-Pack from the "Configuration > Plugin packs > Manager" page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Install the "Pure Storage SNMP" Centreon Plugin-Pack from the "Configuration > Plugin packs > Manager" page
```

<!--Offline IMP License-->

1. Install the Plugin on every poller expected to monitor Pure Storage resources:

```bash
yum install centreon-plugin-Hardware-Storage-Purestorage-Snmp
```

> 2. Install the Centreon Plugin Pack RPM on your central server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Install the Centreon Plugin-Pack RPM on your central server:
```

```bash
yum install centreon-pack-hardware-storage-purestorage-snmp
```

> 3. Install the "PureStorage SNMP" Centreon Plugin-Pack from the "Configuration > Plugin packs > Manager" page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Install the "Pure Storage SNMP" Centreon Plugin-Pack from the "Configuration > Plugin packs > Manager" page
```
